I woke up from that dream
I've been out for a whole year
In this real world
I never met a snowman again
I see.
He's just a fat woman in a moment of despair
The perfect man imagined
understand
The dress for the Starry Night party is ready.
I have lost weight successfully this year
Become the star that is the face of the fashion industry again
Illuminate yourself
Also illuminate others
Next, let's welcome the winner of the annual Counterattack Award
He is a well-known self-media blogger on the whole network
The whole network has over 80 million fans
Hormone therapy due to car accident
The weight soared by 150 kilograms
And he had incredible perseverance.
Lose 100 kilograms in just one year
Return to the peak of appearance
Let's welcome the reward
Today this award is not just a personal opportunity for me
At the same time I want to tell you
No matter who
No matter what era
As long as you want to change
Everything is too late
Hello, hello again.
Jiang Lili
Nice to meet you Jiang Lili
Please advise me when we meet for the first time.
I have advised